Previously on 90 Day Fiance:
The Other Way...
I'm just gonna be honest with you.
I love you but you need to wake up.
You did your little thing.
You had the baby in Ethiopia.
Now you gotta get real
about where you're gonna raise him.
I wanna have a baby
that has your blood.
I know Armando would have a
difficult time talking to his family
if we were to adopt an HIV child.
I would rather help a kid
than make a kid.
They're for you.
Evelin wants me to leave but
I told her I'm gonna fight
for our relationship.
Until the day that
I'm basically forced out of there.
I am changed.
If Evelin serves me
with divorce papers right now,
I'll rip them up in her face.
Sumit's mom is trying to make me
feel bad, trying to make me look bad
and she's just trying
to find reasons
to say Jenny is not good enough
for my son.
I wish that
they would just leave now.
I could throw anything into this.
That's probably good.
Put some mustard in there too
cos why not? I don't know.
Ooh, do we have any garlic?
That'll be nice.
After living with Raoul for a week,
I decided it was the right time
to move to my own place,
which is close to
me and Evelin's old apartment.
And I've been here for a few weeks.
There we go.
I've been pushing myself
to not reach out to Evelin,
to give her some space
and some time to cool down.
And I asked Evelin
to come over for dinner
and she's finally agreed to it.
I am just trying to prove to Evelin
that I can be the man
that she needs me to be.
And I hope she sees that tonight.
EVELIN: Hello!
I'm here.
Hey. Just one second.
Stay there one second. One second.
I'll be right there.
OK.
Hello?
OK, you're welcome
to come on upstairs. OK.
Hello, beautiful.
How's it going? Good.
Good.
Um... Have a...
We got burgers.
You know, you like my burgers.
So I got those on the... I've
got those going for you right now.
If you want,
you can have a seat here.
Um...
Yeah, those flowers are for you.
As well.
Thank you. Yeah, of course.
Um... Good. I gotta...
The burgers are burning right now
so gonna get that plated up for you.
I'll be right back here.
(CLATTER)
Oops.
(LAUGHS) OK. I'm fine.
I've been good.
It's nice of you to come over.
I really appreciate this.
Been missing you a lot.
Here is your burger. I'll be
right back with mine as well.
Thank you.
There you go. There's more onions,
there's tomatoes, there's whatever,
all that stuff too.
Well, you're important to me.
This is important to me.
I want to look nice.
And I've got mine here.
And of course, ketchup.
I love my ketchup, as you know.
How's everything been?
Uh, everything has been good for me.
Yeah?
Yeah. How's it been for you?
Been pretty...
Uh...it's been pretty lonely.
I'm not gonna lie.
So how do you like the place?
Do you like it here?
Look, I...
You know, I really messed up.
I get that. OK?
I understand that.
And I'm paying the consequences
for it right now.
Like, I'm just so sorry
for what I've done.
Like, words can't express,
you know, how sorry I am.
And how much I want to prove to you
that that's not who I am,
that you can trust me
as a husband and as a life partner.
You know? Like...
I'm just here, hoping, wishing
and praying that you'll forgive me
and we can move past this and...
I'm willing to do whatever it takes.
Whatever it takes, you know,
for us to make it through this.
If you wanna see a therapist,
we will. Whatever it takes to help.
I agree.
If we put further effort,
both of us,
I really do think
that we can move forwards
and make each other happy, you know.
Of course I will pay for it.
(CHUCKLES)
I really appreciate that
with all the secrets that
I kept until we were in person,
you are willing to go for it
in our lives
instead of leaving with your mom.
And I want to show you
that you mean the world to me
and I don't want to lose you.
Oh, OK.
How are you feeling right now?
I think that she knows that I love
you and she knows that you love me.
(SNIFFLES)
Shh. It's OK.
00:13:10.320 -- 00:13:12.080 align:middle line:90% position:50%
Can I take that?
Can you come to Momma?
I've been in New Jersey
for a few weeks
but I'm gonna have to stay
another month
so I can
get Avi's hernia surgery done.
Ideally I wouldn't have
had to stay in the US so long but
I have no control over when the
doctors will schedule our surgery.
Kisses.
It's been great to be
with my family here in the US.
But it's been really stressful
being so far away from Bini
and it's been really hard
on our relationship.
(PHONE BLEEPS)
Number unavailable
because his phone is off.
Bini and I have been arguing
because I haven't been happy
that he has been going out so often
and he didn't tell me he went out
to a nightclub the other night.
Today we were fighting because
when I was asking him,
"Oh, what did you do today?"
Then I asked,
"What are you doing later?"
He didn't understand the English.
He thought
I asked the same question,
which I do when I know he's lying.
And then I was mad at him because
of the way he's talking to me.
So I said, "Of all the things
that I have done for you,
like have my baby there,
be away from my family,
I said, "I'm forgetting anything
you've ever done nice for me
so if you could name one thing,
that would go a really
long way to making me feel better.
It would remind me
of the good things.
Cos right now
I'm only focusing on the negative".
He was like, "I've never done
anything nice for you.
Just find yourself an American man,
if that's what you want".
And I said,
"I don't want another man.
I just want the father of my baby
to be decent to me and to Avi.
That's all".
And then he hung up the phone
and now his phone is off.
Then I texted him, "You promised me
you wouldn't turn off your phone
any more. More broken promises".
I talk to Bini all the time
about this.
I said there's only one thing that
I cannot handle, that I cannot take,
is the turning off your phone
and not even...
Like, not even giving me a chance.
And also we have a son.
What if something happens to Avi
and I want to call you or something?
He knows that he's taking away
all control from me,
knowing that I'm far away
and he can turn off his phone
and there's nothing
I can do about it.
So I just feel like he really
just wants to hurt my feelings.
Finally you decide
to answer your phone.
(LAUGHS AWKWARDLY)
You turned off your phone
for like three hours.
That's the same as
turning your phone off, baby.
Honestly,
I really don't think you care.
You're having a great time
without me.
You go to the club every weekend
for like three weeks.
No, you know what makes me upset?
When I call you and you turn
your phone off for three hours.
No, that's not cool.
It's very painful for me
when you do not answer the phone.
And it makes me feel like
you don't care about me at all.
You know what I'm always
hearing from you? "All my friends.
My friends are very important.
I need to see my friends.
I need to talk to my friends".
What about me?
I need you. Avi needs you.
Your friends
are not the most important thing.
We are supposed to be
the most important thing.
I don't have anything
personally against his friends.
My issue is that a lot of them
don't have successful relationships
or are not in a relationship or
they don't have
the same value system
that I want to impart
to my child and to Bini.
And I feel like that's why they
don't take him in a good direction.
No, baby that's not what I...
Baby, since I left, you do
whatever the hell you feel like.
You literally do anything you want.
You go out any time you want,
you hang out with your friends,
you drink, you do whatever you want
so don't tell me
I've become more boss.
If anything, I have no control
over the situation at all.
I'm listening.
OK. So show me that.
Could you...not turn off your phone
or put it on airplane mode
until I get back to Ethiopia?
Promise?
I've been so hurt
by Bini's behaviour
since I've been in America.
I mean, why is he turning off
his phone if not because
he doesn't want me to know
where he is and what he's doing.
Obviously he's hiding something.
OK. I love you too.
OK. I'll talk to you soon.
Sumit's parents
arrived at our house earlier today.
And it's already a big (BLEEP) show.
Sumit's mom started pointing out
everything that was wrong.
And showing me how things should be.
I know how.
This one's a different one.
There we go.
Sumit offered to cook dinner tonight
but his mom insisted
that she cook the dinner
and Jenny come in there
and cook with her.
She's gonna show me
how much I don't know, basically.
No, it's very hard to...
I'm twisting it!
Oh...
I try.
Just right now I can't open it.
But any other time I can open it.
What it needs?
I don't know.
Oh...
I don't speak Hindi and
his mother doesn't speak English
so I don't know
how I'm gonna understand her.
Whoa! Me?!
I can try.
OK.
I'm not a good cook, OK?
Don't understand you, Sahna.
OK.
Oh, you.
You.
To my surprise, the vibe that I'm
getting from Sumit's mom right now
is actually very positive
and I think that
we could actually be friends again.
OK.
She's sincere and she's really
trying to teach me how to cook this.
And actually enjoying herself
and I even am seeing her smile.
All good? OK?
Yeah, it's hot.
Mm-hm.
OK, it's good?
No good? Oh, Sahna!
00:23:53.560 -- 00:23:55.600 align:middle line:90% position:50%
We're gonna go to the park.
You wanna come?
I'll come down in a little bit.
I'm gonna call the girls. All right.
OK.
Have fun.
Love you.
Is that a soccer outfit? (LAUGHS)
Come over the park when you're done.
I will. OK. Bye. Bye.
Love you the most!
After a lot of talk with Armando
about adoption
and having a surrogate,
we're giving it some time
cos we have to think
what we really want to do.
But the possibility
of us expanding our family
is making me miss my children a lot.
(RINGING TONE)
Ola!
Hi. Ola.
How are you guys doing?
Ah, you know Spanish.
That's Spanish.
My entire family
is coming for the wedding,
which makes me so, so happy.
We talk as much as we can.
But it's not the same.
How are you guys doing?
Good. Doing good. Yeah.
How's work, Madison?
Did you get the job?
Yeah. Mm-hm.
Did you already tell them
that you need off for a wedding?
Yeah. Mm-hm. They already know.
Well, I'm glad you're coming out
a little early.
I really miss,
like, you and Cooper a lot.
Well, you had a bit part
in helping me raise Cooper
for, what three years?
The first three years of his life,
every single day.
He misses his Grampy.
Yeah.
I can't believe how long it's been
since I've seen him.
I can't believe he's five.
Holy crap.
Oh, jeez.
How do you feel about
becoming a new grandpa again?
I know it's different
cos you're far away but...
(SNIFFS)
Well, are you excited?
Yes, I'm just... I'm also
a little bit miserable about it all.
Because you know, Cassidy, that...
I want nothing more than to be
with you through this. (SNIFFS)
About a week ago,
my daughter Cassidy called me
to tell me she was pregnant.
I've always been right
side-by-side on my children
through anything that happened,
any milestone in their life.
And now milestones
are happening without me.
It's...
You know, when Madison
was going to have Cooper,
I enjoyed her pregnancy
and...sharing it with her.
It definitely made us a lot closer,
for sure.
Like... I know. Like that was
our big bonding moment.
I know I'm missing out on a lot.
And...
..a lot of it I haven't been
completely honest
with Armando about.
(SNIFFS)
That I really am homesick a lot.
And you know, I...
Sometimes I feel...like all alone.
You know, cos I realise...
I know what you mean.
I'm in a completely different
country and...
The worst part of this,
with Cassie telling me
that she's pregnant
and going to have a baby,
is I realise life keeps marching on
and it's marching on...
..like, without me.
Armando is the love of my life
and I love Hannah and everything
but I still feel alone and
I don't have what I've always had,
which was you guys.
I honestly didn't realise
the emotional impact it would
have on me leaving my family.
I've been the happiest
I've ever been in my life
but I've also been the saddest
I've ever been in my life.
Do you think there's like...
I mean, you can be brutally honest.
Do you feel that there's any hope
that you guys would move
to the States at any point in life?
Um... I don't think Armando...
..at this point wants to
move to the United States at all.
You know, we talked about
where we want to live
and all that kind of stuff.
And he was adamant
about wanting to live in Mexico.
Didn't want to take Hannah away
right now.
You know, sometimes I wish
we would have talked about it more.
But I committed to it.
I fell in love with someone
from another country.
And sometimes life has hard choices.
I don't talk to Armando a lot
about how homesick I really am.
But I know I have to have
a conversation with Armando
about some of my feelings.
Hi.
Well, I'm cooking with your mother.
It was good. You know, I just
felt a little bit under pressure.
But mostly nervous.
Just cooking with your mom
makes me nervous.
When you left the kitchen, I was so
scared. I wanted you to come back.
I can't open the...
I've never been able to open that.
No. I can never open it.
I think one time I
even called you to come open that.
The salt. I can never open that.
No, I've never been able to open it.
I can't open that.
But anyways...
It was fine. It was good.
She was teaching me
a little bit of Hindi along the way.
Yeah?
I don't know what I was saying.
I know some things I was saying
but not everything.
It was fun. It was nice.
I enjoyed cooking with her.
She just kept asking me for this...
"Get this bowl, get this plate.
Where's the spoon?
Where's the rolling pin?"
You know, "Get this, get that.
Where's this? Where's that?"
Yeah.
I mean, I think it went really well.
Better than I expected.
But I don't know if I could handle
everything that's gonna go on.
I still am, like, sceptical.
But now I'm starting to see
things in a more positive light.
Her and I get along really very fine
as long as
she doesn't be too hard on me
and start picking on me for things,
you know.
Don't pick on me for stuff.
Oh, yeah, I complimented her
in the kitchen.
I told her, "Perfection.
Like, you do everything perfect.
Everything is perfection".
I don't know. I don't know if she
did but I told it to her so...
Huh?
Uh-oh.
OK. Let's go.
You look really good today.
Oh, thank you, Steven.
Alina's mom has gone back home
to Russia.
And now there's
just the two of us again,
I feel like we'll have
a better opportunity
to work through our issues
and relieve a lot of the stress
that has been kind of building up.
Hello.
Hey. How's it going?
I made an appointment. Steven.
Uh-huh.
OK.
So, I decided
to take Alina to the hamam,
which is like a Turkish bath house
and we're gonna have a spa day.
And I want to sweat out
all the bad energy,
relinquish any bad feelings
and breathe more freely.
We need to be quiet
because the room is super echoey.
It's like Batman's lair.
I don't know if his lair is echoey
but that's how I imagine it.
I told Alina that I would
delete my social media a week ago.
Because I didn't think that
she was gonna be super intent on it.
I felt like maybe
it was one of those things
where just like me saying it
would be enough.
But I think now her mind
is really set.
Like "This is what he has to do".
So I'm kinda regretting
making that promise.
Uh...
(LAUGHS)
00:38:29.880 -- 00:38:32.400 align:middle line:90% position:50%
Sumit's mother and I
cooked dinner together tonight.
It went fine. It was fun, actually.
It was nice. And she was
acting like a real human being.
And not a crazy person.
Potato curry is served.
It gave me a better feeling of...
Jenny, don't be so negative,
let's be hopeful
and believe that this is something
that Sumit's mom really wants.
She really wants
to try and reconnect with me.
Maybe one day things will get better
and his parents will accept us.
It's very good.
I will cook for him.
I will cook him this.
I think I was.
I was paying attention.
I thought we were staying positive
and they wanted to come over
and try.
But I'm looking
at Sumit's mom's face
and I'm seeing that
she's probably talking bad about me,
saying wrong things about me
to Sumit.
It sucks.
I already do all of that.
The only thing I lack in is cooking.
But I do wash the clothes,
I clean the house.
I clean the floor,
I wash the dishes.
I do everything. Dusting.
OK.
No.
I am not old enough
to be his grandmother!
I'm old enough to be his mother,
not his grandmother, OK?
I feel like
I'm going to get attacked again.
A year ago, I was sitting right
here, in this same exact spot,
and they were sitting there,
throwing insults at me.
It's just bringing it all back,
all those...
How am I supposed to be happy
about them being here
when all I can remember
is them throwing insults at me
and being so mean and
here they are, starting it again.
I've had enough.
This is absolutely ridiculous.
I allowed myself
to get my hopes up and...
I was hoping for change.
But this is the worst-case scenario
for this visit happening right now.
Everything is going
exactly as I knew it would.
And I need them to go home.
I'm gonna lose my (BLEEP).
There's no convincing these people.
There's no getting them
to understand.
Their mind
is just set and that's it.
How are you?
Good.
Evelin has agreed
to do couples therapy.
Um...
Well, let's go,
if you're ready then, I guess. Yeah.
I think therapy
will be helpful for us.
Well, I actually don't know if
it'll be helpful for us, but I...
It's a step in the right direction
and it shows
that Evelin wants to do something
to make the relationship work.
Hi.
Hi, guys. Hi.
Thank you so much for allowing
me to...
be here in the outdoors
so we don't have to wear masks.
Thank you. Yeah.
We'll feel more comfortable.
I understand you guys got married.
Yeah.
And you were planning
a wedding party.
And now you're talking
about divorce.
(LAUGHS)
Yeah.
Kind of confusing a little bit,
I guess. Yeah.
You are here because
you want the relationship to work.
Correct?
Yeah. Eh...
What is that?
Well, it's mostly because I've
been trying to push this divorce.
Because when he married me,
it's like he felt like he didn't
have to put any effort any more
and the relationship
started going down.
So we had a break,
and during that break,
he was hanging out with some
(BLEEP). I'm sorry, my language.
And since I found out what he did,
I just have no trust.
And I don't want to be
in a relationship that is that way.
I do feel very bad for...
you know what...
you know, the mistakes I've made.
I really want to work through
everything that's happened,
but she's not giving me
that opportunity.
I feel like she's not able
to forgive and forget anything.
I never forgive anybody.
I don't. I'm the kind of person
that if somebody does me wrong,
I'm like, "Forget about it".
And I never trust again
and I cut ties immediately.
OK. So let me explain
something to you. Yeah.
This is just like a mini class.
Right?
So there are a lot of couples
who go through infidelity issues.
Right? So at the end of the day,
most of those couples
are able to pass through that
and have an even better
relationship. Right?
But that only happens
when you're both committed
and you both are willing
and wanting to do the work.
Evelin, I totally get
where you're coming from,
but I'm also kind of curious
about...
It seems to me you're holding a
lot of anger and resentment. Yeah.
Right.
But while you are holding that,
you cannot move forward
with the relationship. Yeah.
So why can't you let go of this?
To me, I just feel like
I have been very disrespected.
And I feel... I don't...
I don't like feeling stupid.
And I feel like I'm stupid
for ever trusting him.
You lied to me for months.
You didn't just hide the truth.
You lied.
You make... You built
a different story that wasn't true.
You let me get back into
a relationship based on lies.
Evelin, what are those tears about?
I'm just upset.
Why are you upset?
I never cry because I'm sad.
I cry because I'm upset.
When we haven't processed
deep things
that have been very, very hurtful,
that's what happens.
So your reaction right now
is very normal.
Tell Corey why you're upset.
What exactly happened
that makes you so hurt?
You're doing great.
Um...
I wasn't important any more
to you...
to a point that
I have a car accident
and you'd rather stay with
a (BLEEP).
I...
Some drunk guy was driving and hit
my car and everything got destroyed.
Luckily, I was OK,
but I was definitely traumatised.
It was really, really terrifying.
You knew how bad it was, and
you let me go through that alone.
When I had my car accident,
you met her
and you rather stay there instead
of come here and be a support.
Over the course of like a week or
five days or something like that...
And of one of those days,
I had met her and it wasn't -
Do not (BLEEP) lie.
I saw the... the Instagram stories.
I saw what happened.
And I heard the woman in it
asking for (BLEEP) wine.
He was there drinking with her.
And I say, "Hey, who is
the girl that was there with you?"
And he say,
"Oh, what girl? There was no girl."
Already there were lies.
I asked you and you lied to me.
And for me to find out
that the same girl that you met
the day that
I have the car accident...
For real, I cannot be in a good mood
when I remember this (BLEEP).
I just can't.
Even if we were broken up
at that moment,
on a break or whatever,
we're still married. We still are.
And I...I agree.
And I know you think I was
with that girl.
You met her at that time. I know.
I want Corey to come clean. Right?
I know you say you love her.
But how can you expect her
to trust you
if you keep
not telling her the truth?
So you need to look at her
and tell her the absolute truth.
Um...
I did meet Jenny
when you were in time of need,
and I wasn't there for you
and I'm very sorry for that.
I should've jumped on the first bus
to come back, and I didn't.
And it was a mistake I made
and I wish I could go back
and change that.
I'm telling you right now I'm
sorry for the lies I've given you.
I am truly sorry.
Obviously, honesty and...
you know, trust is very important,
and I... I know that.
Evelin, how is that for you to hear?
I don't know
if the word is "nice" or like...
I don't know.
But it's correct of Corey now...
And I feel like that gives
me a little bit more of relief.
That if he gets what the problem is,
maybe he'll be better
to find absolution.
The therapist got him
to admit to things
that I wasn't able
to get him to admit to.
So yeah, there is something good
out of this couples therapy.
Maybe, if Corey
admits to these things now,
I don't have to keep
replaying it in my head
because I finally
have a legit answer.
And maybe, maybe, and just maybe
it's a chance for me to
be able to start moving on from it.
But it will take time,
is what I believe.
A lot of couples have
gone through situations like this.
And it's a process to learn
how to forgive and to regain trust.
00:56:13.280 -- 00:56:16.360 align:middle line:90% position:50%
Let's go down here.
It's kind of slippery. Be careful.
I'll hold your hand.
OK.
Ooh!
Yeah, these stairs
are really slippery.
Wow. Look how tall that is.
Let's go sit in the shade
over there.
I know you're sad
that your mom left.
And...I just kind of wanted
to ask you how you're feeling.
How do you think things are going?
(SIGHS)
Well, like, we had that
conversation just the other day.
I feel like I need some time.
I'm regretting promising Alina that
I'm going to delete my social media,
because now she's constantly
on my back about it.
And I feel that
her asking me to delete it
is coming from a place of insecurity
rather than a place of...
wanting our relationship
to be in a better place.
Alina, I do.
Alina, I do love you.
I love you.
Uh...
You tried setting me up?
Yes.
So you don't trust me and you had...
you tried to get
one of your friends...
So that girl, you sent her?
We didn't really even talk. It was
like two messages, three messages.
It's offensive
that you don't trust me
and you would try to set me up
and set me up for failure.
She messaged me.
You set that whole thing up.
And you text her back.
I basically said that well, it'd be
cool if you came and visit us.
So I asked her
if she had a swimsuit. But like...
Right.
So I'm... I didn't... Just a kind
gesture. I don't take it seriously.
You want me to do it right now?
Yes, right now.
All right. We can delete it right
now, but I have photos... Yeah.
..I want to save on there first
before I delete it.
It'll take a long time
to download all those photos.
So what?
Like, this is my graduation picture.
I don't have that anywhere else,
really.
We have use this park Wi-Fi.
It's way too hot.
We can do it when we get home.
When we get home, we'll save those
pictures, and then I'll delete it.
OK. Let's do that.
What? I make you mad?
Come on, baby. Are you serious?
Like...
I am -
I'm being just as serious
as you are.
Baby. Baby. Baby, baby, baby, babe.
Baby. Come on.
I love you. You know that, right?
01:02:48.000 -- 01:02:50.040 align:middle line:90% position:50%
There's no convincing these people.
There's no getting them
to understand.
Their mind is just set and that's it.
What I'm getting out of this
is his parents are trying to put...
put the blame on society
and take the blame off themselves,
and say, "Well,
society is not going to accept this
and they're going to make fun of you,
and they're going to come up to you
and insult you right to your face",
when actually it's them.
They're sitting there,
saying insulting things to me.
I'm through with it.
I... I don't...
I'm not going to listen any more.
I don't want to hear that any more.
I'm done with it.
You're forgetting why you're here.
We're supposed to be staying calm
and, let's understand...
Understand him and I.
No.
I would never go in your house
and start telling you
how to live your life.
I come in your house and respect you.
So please do the same for me.
Well, we have been.
Well, we are doing fine living
by ourselves in our own place.
We're fine. It's just
a different lifestyle for us.
OK.
Is that what you want, though?
You want to go the traditional way?
You seemed happy living the way
we've been living all this time.
Sumit tells his family that
it's his dream to all live together.
And I'm like, "What?
I didn't know about this dream."
I have been in a relationship
with Sumit for a long time.
And not once have
I ever heard him say that,
"I want to go back
and live with my parents".
I don't believe him. I don't believe
that that's his dream,
because I think he's just
trying to please his parents.
But when it comes down to it,
he better choose me or them,
and that's it.
There's no...
I'm not living with his parents.
Sorry. I'm not doing it.
Oh, man. (SIGHS)
Jeez.
Armando, I just
went down the laundry room
and the washing machine
would not turn on at all.
You press the right buttons?
Yes, I pressed the right buttons.
Well, we should
go to the lavanderia downtown.
That's fine. Let's go.
We got a big old laundry basket
in there.
Good times.
It's been a few days since
I talked with Madison and Cassidy
but I've been thinking about
what they said.
It's up over this hill?
Yeah. Turn right.
I have not been honest with Armando
about how homesick I really am.
But I feel I need
to tell him this now,
especially before we get married.
I want him to know the truth
about how I'm feeling.
All right. Is it in Spanish? Oh, no.
No, it's not.
It's in English. Good for me.
Let's have a seat.
On a scale from one to ten,
it's like a lot of times
I'll be at a three.
But then there are times
where I'm at a complete ten to 11,
where I just really wish
I could be there at that moment,
at that second.
Um...
You know, (CLEARS THROAT) I want
to talk to you about something.
Lately, I've been thinking
a lot more about stuff. Um...
You know, and now
with Cassidy being pregnant...
Um... I'm going to be...
honest with you.
Um...
I do struggle...
..because I do miss it there a lot.
And I'm...really homesick.
What exactly are you feeling?
It's hard to say because I just...
Um...
When Kenny and I started
talking about living together,
we decided to live here in Mexico
because of Hannah.
She has my parents.
She has her mother's parents
that she needs to visit and see
often because of her young age.
But I know he left a lot,
left his whole life for me.
And I get it's a big change
and it's a different country.
You know, there's a lot
he's had to adjust to.
And that weighs down
a little bit on me
and obviously makes me
feel a little guilty.
I understand you're homesick
and that you miss your kids.
But I hope this isn't something
where, you know...
..you'd want to go back home
and cancel the wedding or something.
You're scaring me.
It's not like that.
I just... I'm just trying
to be upfront with you.
Like, I do struggle sometimes
just with missing everything.
And I'm missing out on a lot.
And you know, I talked with the
girls and I feel like, you know,
I let them down in a lot of ways.
I let Cooper down in a lot of ways.
I feel like I'm letting Cassidy down
because I'm not there
for her during this pregnancy.
Are you going to cry?
I just... I don't know. I just...
I don't want to hurt them and
that has never been my intention,
and I love them a lot.
And I know it's hard on them.
I know it's hard on them to not
have you and I feel it through them,
and I just hope
that they understand that
and that they don't
not like me because of that.
Don't go there in your mind,
because it's not that at all.
I'm just trying to say that I...
I've been keeping things in.
And I want to be honest with you
and let things out when I need to
because it kind of
might be affecting me.
It's not only you
that's dealing with it.
But ultimately, me as your partner,
I can be there for you.
Kenny and I have always
prided ourselves
on being honest with each other.
We've agreed on
saying everything we're feeling.
So the fact
that we're going to marry
and he's keeping feelings from me
is worrisome.
Because I question now,
will he want to go back home?
I didn't know
he missed it this much.
01:21:49.160 -- 01:21:51.440 align:middle line:90% position:50%
Day one of Sumit's parents
in our house
and I'm already ready for them
to go home.
I actually happen
to like my kitchen the way I had it.
They've come here.
They've attacked me
and they insult me
and they're just not nice to me.
It's very hurtful.
And the thing that bothers me the
most is Sumit telling his parents
that it's his dream
for us all to live together.
Now, I've never heard
of this dream before.
Well, how do you think that went?
I don't think it went very well at
all. I think they didn't come here
with the intention
they said they were coming here.
And exactly what happened
is exactly what I expected.
And please don't say it's your dream
to go live with your parents.
But why?
But you're 33 years old. You should
be OK not being with your parents.
Do you think that that will happen?
No. I seriously don't see
your mom moving past this.
I was under the impression that Sumit
was not happy living with his parents
and wanted to get out of there.
Long distance for all those years,
we had a lot of time to discuss
what our life would be like,
and it never included
living with his parents.
What's wrong with our life
the way that it is?
You're free to live your life,
be independent, do what you want,
live the way you want to live.
You can't do that
at your parents' house.
You want to go back
to that kind of lifestyle?
Everything is not gonna be fine. OK?
God.
I would never want to live
with my parents at your age.
We're in our room arguing, and
his parents are one bedroom over.
And I'm pretty sure that this is
exactly what they wanted to happen.
I don't feel their love at all.
I feel like they would
love to just get rid of me
and have their son back.
They're pretending for you
that they're going to try,
but I don't really believe that.
But as far as living with them...
Yeah, I don't think
that's going to happen.
Next time on 90 Day Fiance:
The Other way.
I hate that I have to be
without you.
Hasn't it been long enough?
I really want a sunset wedding.
The sunset was like just
the one thing I was like wanting.
But if it doesn't work,
it doesn't work.
You kind of like
immediately sided with them.
Baby, because it was talking
about time.
I don't think
you understand what I'm saying.
I've decided I'm...
I'm not coming back to Ethiopia.
Let me tell you something, Biniyam.
Shut up. Shut the (BLEEP) up.
God knows who you (BLEEP) and
God knows what you've been doing.
This is a chance for you
to redeem yourself.
This is your last (BLEEP) chance.
These clothes are so wet.
Why do you have to be a (BLEEP)
to me all the time?
Right now, Victor and I's
relationship is a little stressed.
He can be a total asshole.
I'm really having
a lot of second thoughts right now.
I want to make things
work with you.
subtitles by Deluxe